# Large Language Models for Natural Language Processing: July 26 MORS Talk
This repository contains the (draft) PDF slides of a talk being presented to the Military Operations Research Society (MORS) on using Large Language Models (LLMs) for Natural Language Processing (NLP). 
## Content Overview
1. **Introduction to NLP tasks:** We discuss various tasks in NLP that can benefit from using LLMs like named entity recognition, summarization, and classification.
2. **Application of LLMs:** We discuss the overall steps: getting your data in order, sending it to an API, and assessing results
4. **Assessment Methods:** We discuss several ways to assess the results generated by the LLM, such as exact matches, regex, similarity scores, and using LLMs themselves.
5. **Risk Management:** A part of the talk is dedicated to addressing the risks associated with the data you input into an LLM and how you manage the results it produces.
## Key Takeaways
1. **Speed & Accuracy:** Large Language Models can provide a fast-to-build and accurate-enough solution for tasks like named entity recognition, summarization, and classification.
2. **Output Assessment:** You can (and should!) systematically assess the results produced by the LLM.
3. **Risk Management:** Think carefully about the risks – what you’re putting into the model and what you’re doing with the results.
## Prerequisites
This will be accessible regardless of your background, but if you want to build out these kinds of projects, you'll need to be writing code in a general programming language. (We'll talk a little about what you can do in R and where you'll need to be bilingual.) 
## About the Author
Abigail Haddad is a data scientist.
## Contact
If you have any questions or would like to discuss the contents of the talk, feel free to reach out to abigail.haddad at gmail.com.